Add resource interpreter document (#1282)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/userguide/customizing-resource-interpreter.md

    - [ReviseReplica](#revisereplica)
    - [Retain](#retain)
    - [AggregateStatus](#aggregatestatus)
  - [Customize Interpreter](#customize-interpreter)
    - [What are interpreter webhooks?](#what-are-interpreter-webhooks)
    - [Write an interpreter webhook server](#write-an-interpreter-webhook-server)
    - [Deploy the admission webhook service](#deploy-the-admission-webhook-service)
    - [Configure webhook on the fly](#configure-webhook-on-the-fly)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Customizing Resource Interpreter

## Resource Interpreter Framework

In the progress of propagating a resource from `karmada-apiserver` to member clusters, Karmada needs to know the 
resource definition. Take `Propagating Deployment` as an example, at the phase of building `ResourceBinding`, the 
`karmada-controller-manager` will parse the `replicas` from the deployment object.

For Kubernetes native resources, Karmada knows how to parse them, but for custom resources defined by `CRD`(or extended
by something like `aggregated-apiserver`), as lack of the knowledge of the resource structure, they can only be treated 

> as normal resources, therefore, the advanced scheduling algorithms cannot be used for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as normal resources. Therefore, the advanced scheduling algorithms cannot be used for them.
```

The [Resource Interpreter Framework][1] is designed for interpreting resource structure. It consists of `built-in` and 
`customized` interpreters:
- built-in interpreter: built-in interpreters for common Kubernetes native or well-known extended resources.

> - customized interpreter: Used to interpreter custom resources or override the built-in interpreters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- customized interpreter: interprets custom resources or overrides the built-in interpreters.
```

> > Note: The main difference between `built-in` and `customized` interpreter is the `built-in` interpreted is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The major difference between `built-in` and `customized` interpreters is that the `built-in` interpreter is 
```

> > implemented and maintained by Karmada community, it will be built into Karmada components, such as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> implemented and maintained by Karmada community and will be built into Karmada components, such as 
```

> > `karmada-controller-manager`. On the contrary, the `customized` interpreter is implemented and maintained by users, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `karmada-controller-manager`. On the contrary, the `customized` interpreter is implemented and maintained by users.
```

> > it should be registered to Karmada as an `Interpreter Webhook`(See below for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It should be registered to Karmada as an `Interpreter Webhook` (see below for more details).
```

### Interpreter Operations

> When interpreting resource, we usually to extract multiple pieces of information from it, the `Interpreter Operations`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When interpreting resources, we often get multiple pieces of information extracted. The `Interpreter Operations`
```

defines the interpreter request type, and the `Resource Interpreter Framework` provides services for each operation 
type. 

For all operations designed by `Resource Interpreter Framework`, please refer to [Interpreter Operations][2].

> > Note: Not all the designed operations are supported(See below for supported operations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Not all the designed operations are supported (see below for supported operations).
```

> Note: At most one interpreter will be consulted to when interpreting a resource with specific `interpreter operation`

> > and the `customized` interpreter has higher priority than `built-in` interpreter if they both interpreting the same 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> and the `customized` interpreter has higher priority than `built-in` interpreter if they are both interpreting the same 
```

> resource. 

> > For example, the `built-in` interpreter serves `InterpretReplica` for `Deployment` with version `apps/v1`, if there 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For example, the `built-in` interpreter serves `InterpretReplica` for `Deployment` with version `apps/v1`. If there 
```

> > is a customized interpreter registered to Karmada for interpreting the same resource, the `customized` interpreter win and the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> is a customized interpreter registered to Karmada for interpreting the same resource, the `customized` interpreter wins and the 
```

> `built-in` interpreter will be ignored.

## Built-in Interpreter

> For the common Kubernetes native or well-known extended resources, the interpreter operations are built-in, that means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the common Kubernetes native or well-known extended resources, the interpreter operations are built-in, which means
```

> the users usually don't need to implement the customized interpreter. If you want more resources should be built-in,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the users usually don't need to implement customized interpreters. If you want more resources to be built-in,
```

please feel free to [file an issue][3] to let us know your user case.

The built-in interpreter now supports following interpreter operations:

### InterpretReplica

Supported resources:
- Deployment(apps/v1)
- Job(batch/v1)

### ReviseReplica

Supported resources:
- Deployment(apps/v1)
- Job(batch/v1)

### Retain

Supported resources:
- Pod(v1)
- Service(v1)
- ServiceAccount(v1)
- PersistentVolumeClaim(v1)
- Job(batch/v1)

### AggregateStatus

Supported resources:
- Deployment(apps/v1)
- Service(v1)
- Ingress(extensions/v1beta1)
- Job(batch/v1)

> ## Customize Interpreter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customized Interpreter
```

> The customized interpreter is implemented and maintained by users, it developed as extensions and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customized interpreter is implemented and maintained by users, developed as an extension and 
```

> run as webhooks at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running as a webhook at runtime.
```

### What are interpreter webhooks?

Interpreter webhooks are HTTP callbacks that receive interpret requests and do something with them.

### Write an interpreter webhook server

Please refer to the implementation of the [Example of Customize Interpreter][4] that is validated 
in Karmada E2E test. The webhook handles the `ResourceInterpreterRequest` request sent by the 

> Karmada components(such as `karmada-controller-manager`), and sends back its decision as an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Karmada components (such as `karmada-controller-manager`), and sends back its decision as an 
```

`ResourceInterpreterResponse`.

### Deploy the admission webhook service

The [Example of Customize Interpreter][4] is deployed in the host cluster for E2E and exposed by 
a service as the front-end of the webhook server.

You may also deploy your webhooks outside the cluster. You will need to update your webhook 
configurations accordingly.

### Configure webhook on the fly

> You can configure what resources and supported operations are subject to what interpreter webhook 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure which resources and supported operations are subject to which interpreter webhook 
```
